[Imperva] Replace RSA2ELK with Syslog integration for Imperva Securesphere (#8237)
elastic/integrations: packages/imperva/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Imperva

> This integration is for the Imperva device's logs. It includes the
> datasets for receiving logs over syslog or reading from a file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration is for Imperva device logs. It includes the
datasets for receiving logs over syslog or read from a file:
```
For the first line there is no existing referent, so the definite article is not correct. For the second line, the previous text was correct; "read" there is the past participle, pronounced "red".
